Adds an example for the Dynamic Management of RBAC rules using Security Submodel (#598)
eclipse-basyx/basyx-java-server-sdk: examples/BaSyxDynamicRBAC/README.md

# BaSyx Dynamic RBAC Management

> * BaSyx supports dynamic management of RBAC rules using Submodel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* BaSyx supports dynamic management of RBAC rules using a security Submodel.
```

> * The administrator of the system controls the Policy inside the Submodel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The administrator of the system controls the policy inside the Submodel.
```

> * Rules can be added or deleted while the system is running.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Rules can be added or deleted during the system's runtime.
```

<img width="60%" alt="image" src="images/DynamicRBACMgmt.png">

## Prerequisites

> 1. Laptop.

Reviewer: I think this one is obvious and can be removed
